# CS-340-Client-Server-Development
  When I wrote the project, there were a few things I had to make sure that the project was maintainable, readable, and adaptable. To ensure that I reached this goal, I implemented CRUD functionality within my module. Upon writing this script, I had to write the code in a way that was object-oriented. Then afterwards, I ran a series of tests to ensure that the code was written properly for the other Project One and Project Two. To ensure that the program was also written properly I did have to run some debugging on the program so that I could see if the code reached the acquired results. There are a lot of advantages of working in this way, because it ensures that the project is going to have the best results. You also can see whether you need to adjust your way of thinking on the topic. You could use this CRUD Python module in the future by possibly utilizing it for a different type of program that has this type of methodology. 
   As a computer scientist, it was a rather difficult subject to tackle considering this was my first time applying an OOP style in Python. There was a lot of researching and help that had to go into how to develop the module and projects. My approach to this project greatly differs from previous assignments in other courses. Python is a language that I don’t really use often, so I had to rethink and remember the syntax so that I could formulate how to go about doing the assignment and fulfill the requirements. For future references, to meet other client requests, I would probably consider finding sources to educate myself on creating databases as this is an area of my knowledge t hat is a little bit in lacking. 
	Computer Scientists are known for multiple things. They are mainly problem-solvers and innovators for the internet. They help construct an idea a company may have, and make it so that it not only is tangible, but works properly to make sure that it and is programmed securely.
